and what's going on guys my name is a
friend and this video is gonna be an
introduction to divination skill Co is
gonna be for complete novices who never
train the skill before and want to know
how to do that I'm gonna teach you how
to do this up to level 20 and I'm pretty
sure that once you reach level 20 you'll
know how to train it up tillable 99 so I
would say this skill is pretty much like
runespan it really is you do the same
thing is it may lag a little bit in the
video so I'm sorry for that so
essentially you're gonna go to this
place which is between Draenor village
and lumbridge and you're gonna harvest
the springs and that's pretty much all
you're gonna do while training the skill
now there are some bonus things that you
can do while training like collecting
these orange balls which I cannot see
any of them right now but they will give
bonus there you go this thing so you can
collect ten of those and then you can
claim the wallet from the guy right
there I think it's actually a woman and
it can get quite nice amount of
divination experience especially if you
are like level five you can get like 100
which will most likely level up at least
one level so once you have full
inventory of pale memory you can convert
the memory into bonus experience now
there are two types of bonus experience
one is by converting only the pale
memory and the other one is by
converting pale memory and pale energy
now keep in mind that you will need 100
pale energy before you hit level 10 this
is I would say it's a mandatory thing
because what you can make from this now
actually does not exist anymore because
I permanently unlocked this so I cannot
make a second one but I'm going to show
you on the higher tier energy you will
be able to make this boon that will
require 100 pale energy and what the
boon does is this is one time unlock
that will boost your experience and
energy yield when converting bright
memories by 10% essentially you will be
getting bonus experience
permanently so you better make the boon
so once you reach level 10 by just
harvesting these souls whatever this
thing things are you're gonna go to a
different place because this is low
experience you're gonna go to falador so
I'm gonna teleport there so yeah this is
what it train from level 10 and you
essentially do the same thing harvest
these things you can why I haven't done
this before I have full inventory of
these things I'm gonna convert these
into bonus experience now you should be
also looking for this bigger fountains
that spawn from time to time they will
give you double experience when you are
gonna exchange your memories into the
well so that's a little bonus as well
and I think at this place I don't
actually collect those orange balls
because there is no way you can give
them in in this place you have to go
back to lumbridge and I think that's a
little bit inefficient and you would
gain more experience if you just stay in
this place
so I think that's all I think this is
all for introduction to divination skill
my opinion on the skill I have no idea
really the words look really really nice
but yeah it's kind of slow I guess but
probably it's because I'm only level 15
at the moment and once I get to a higher
level it will be fast and hopefully so
yeah thank you for watching this video
hope you enjoyed it and I will see you
next time